Tell me.
Here I come.
You are the vanguard of the Peerless Army
King Kong Tiger
Supreme name
I'm not from the Peerless Army now
They belong to the Invincible Army.
He actually defected to the invincible army
What is the Peerless Army?
The invincible army was defeated by the four major families
It's all sky.
It's not peerless.
Haha, he is unparalleled.
It was you who killed my third brother
Now you kneel down and commit suicide
I'll consider letting you go, dummy
What are you?
Dare to do this and the Supreme belongs to me
My Zhao family is the head of the four major families
And I am the head of the Zhao family
My second brother is the invincible army supreme
Wu Ruoyu, the unparalleled supreme
you
You should get on your knees and talk to me